docs: reformat the documentation (#396)
ansys/ansys-sphinx-theme: doc/source/user-guide/linkcode.rst

.. _ref_user_guide_extension:

> Linkcode extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``linkcode`` extension
```

> ===================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
===========================
```

> The Linkcode extension automatically adds "Source" links to the documentation for Python, C, C++,
> and JavaScript objects. It allows you to link to the source code hosted on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Linkcode extension automatically adds "Source" links to the documentation for Python, C, C++,
and JavaScript objects. It allows you to link to the source code hosted on GitHub.
```
```suggestion
The ``linkcode`` extension automatically adds *source* links to the documentation for Python, C, C++,
and JavaScript objects. It allows you to link to the source code hosted on GitHub.
```

> To use the ``ansys-sphinx-theme`` linkcode extension, you need to add it to the Sphinx configuration:
> 
> #. Add the following line in the ``conf.py`` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the ``linkcode`` extension, you must add it to the ``extensions`` variable in your
project's Sphinx ``conf.py`` file:
```
You shouldn't have a procedure with only one step. You will need to fix the indentation of the code block.
